hey guys liquid phone arena here and
this is the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 well
its retail packaging to be more specific
this is what it looks like and we're
about to go through a quick unboxing
video just to show you what accessories
the device comes with out of the box so
here this the Samsung Galaxy Note 3
let's take it out and leave it at the
side for now as we're gonna continue
exploring the contents of its package
first thing we have is a Quick Start
Guide well it's for pure beginners only
I chose you basic stuff such as how to
turn the phone on and off how to use it
and other basic stuff so if you've used
the phone before you probably won't
really need it next thing we have is the
wall charger for the device it has two
amps and outputs that will charge the
note 3 or other smartphone or tablet
pretty quickly this is the cable that
you use for charging the device and for
connecting it to a computer it has a
very odd-looking micro USB connector but
we assume the note 3 will work with any
generic microUSB cable just fine so here
we have the earphones that come with the
note 3 these are the same model
earphones that come with every other
high-end Samsung phone or tablet and our
of the in-ear type they have a button on
the cord as well and in case they don't
really fit well
Samsung has included additional ear gels
just in case these don't fit your ears
perfectly so what else we have here
the battery for the device it's not a
spare of course it's the one that goes
inside the note 3 it's just not inside
the note 3 at the time you purchase it
and last but not least we have this it
took us a few minutes to figure out what
these are for but these are actually the
replacements for the tip of the s-pen
you use this tool to take the step out
and replace it with one of the spares in
case there is need
so this is what's included with the
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 out of the box
to learn more about this device check
out our website phone arena calm